# Web Toolkit

## Meeting Minutes

**Location:** https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/915053453

**Date:** [May 25, 2020 15:30 (UTC)](https://time.is/compare/1530_25_May_2020_in_UTC)

### Agenda

1. Introduction to topic
    - To reach consensus from last meeting<sup>[1](#r1)</sup>
    - What is a toolkit?
    - Focus of the work
        - Reflow
        - Architecture allows for the easy addition of FXL, audiobooks and Divina content (to be added in Q3-Q4)
        - Plus a form of protection (to be defined and implemented in Q3-Q4).
            - Opt-in/opt-out modules
        - Use TypeScript
2. A toolkit needs 
    - A well defined set of features supported by chromeless modules
    - Style & convention guidelines
    - A public API (from Readium specs)
    - Clean code for each feature
    - Test suites with fixtures 
    - CI / CD
    - A package management strategy
    - Care about the accessibility of apps developed with the toolkit (but a chromeless toolkit should not be stuk be a11y issues, isn't it?)
    - templates for the documents / issues

3. Existing implementations
    - R2D2BC<sup>[2](#r1)</sup>
        - Feature rich
        - Used in production
        - Already open-sourced
    - Jellybooks
        - Feature rich
        - Used in production
    - Other implementations
        - Fixed Layout content by Jellybooks
        - DiViNa player by EDRLab
        - EP Navigator
4. What do we push as a repo?
    - Mono-repo or multi-repo?
        - Mono-repo
    - Fresh, empty repo?
        - Create starting point to achieve toolkit needs
        - Pull in and merge from existing projects to add features
    - or based on an existing project?
        - Use as immediate starting point
        - Evolve the project to achieve toolkit needs

5. Which server solution can we use as a sandbox? 
    - Flat files? 
    - A server app based on the Go streamer? 
7. Project Management
    - How can a avoid running after a moving target (re. Public APIs)?
    - How will we manage the project? who will do it?
    - Project calls: when? periodicity?
8. Action items
    - Who will participate?
    - What are first the tasks of each dev and who takes each action?
        - proposing the list of modules
        - proposing the styleguide
        - proposing the API for the shared models
        - proposing the first iteration of the shared models
        - proposing the test suite for the shared models
        - proposing the packaging solution
        - proposing a publication server 


### Participants

- [aferditamuriqi](https://github.com/aferditamuriqi) <sup>AM</sup>
- [jccr](https://github.com/jccr) <sup>JC</sup>
- [JayPanoz](https://github.com/JayPanoz) <sup>JP</sup>
- [llemeurfr](https://github.com/llemeurfr) <sup>LL</sup>
- [mickael-menu](https://github.com/mickael-menu) <sup>MM</sup>
- [waharnum](https://github.com/waharnum) <sup>AH</sup>
- [HadrienGardeur](https://github.com/HadrienGardeur)

### References

1. <a name="r1"></a>[Readium Engineering minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y7DKDR0SJplKMaM7Ys5xkbtBuoYWpYAjVLkg2aGys7Y/edit#)
2. <a name="r2"></a>[d-i-t-a/R2D2BC](https://github.com/d-i-t-a/R2D2BC)

## Discussion

### Notes

- Readium Web Github space: https://github.com/readium/web
- view https://readium.org/web/
- secure and obfuscate: 
    - work done for Bokbasen
    - will have to be some sort of optional plug-in
    - some part will have to be private
- mono-repo vs multi-repo
    - the streamer and publication server is cut off the readium web project. 
    - Aferdita would go for a mono-repo. Only a "toy" local server can be included for easy testing.  
    - Juan thinks that 90% of the code can be in a mono-repo, which can contain the build tools. Some extras repos like private aspects of the protection, private certificates ... would go elsewhere.  And included as other npm dependencies. 

## Decisions

- Shared Models consensus
- Fresh repo, merge into it
- R2D2BC as reference
- Time taken to account for other implementations
- Readium as the source in the end

## Action Items

- Push style guide, and docs
- Look into Pub model
- Calendar invites for Monday meetings
- Invite Daniel Weck
