# Web Toolkit

## Meeting Minutes

**Location:** https://meet.google.com/cxr-pgxk-rsg

**Date:** [June 15, 2020 15:30 (UTC)](https://time.is/compare/1530_15_June_2020_in_UTC)

### Participants

- [aferditamuriqi](https://github.com/aferditamuriqi) <sup>AM</sup>
- [arhomberg](https://github.com/arhomberg) <sup>AR</sup>
- [jccr](https://github.com/jccr) <sup>JC</sup>
- [JayPanoz](https://github.com/JayPanoz) <sup>JP</sup>
- [llemeurfr](https://github.com/llemeurfr) <sup>LL</sup>
- [mickael-menu](https://github.com/mickael-menu) <sup>MM</sup>
- [HadrienGardeur](https://github.com/HadrienGardeur) <sup>HG</sup>

## Discussion

### Notes

JP:

- Publication encapsulation.
- Self contained to move from other repos.
- Incremental usage with newest proposals from Quentin, Mickael.
- Helpers are here with Links
    - Filter resources by rel
- Fetcher and navigator next in roadmap
- Similar to kotlin/swift in spirit
- TS specific usage too
- Will align with the project

LL: 
Naming conventions?

JP: 
Swift naming conventions, can be changed.
Did not encounter issues with this in TS.

LL: Compatibility with existing projects?

JP:
Manifests and Publication models similar.
Special attention for this.
This is used in JB's cloud reader, and no huge issues found.

Two identified issues:
- Presentation vs rendition (for FXL)
- readingOrder vs spine
    - Anyone still using spine?

AM:
We should be on readingOrder now.
Fallbacks are still there, for previous data.

JP: Looking for feedback.
Can help with the migration.

LL:
Reflow usage with this? Other forms?

JP: Looking at DiViNa too. Audiobooks as well, should be straight forward.

LL:
Next steps? To look at this for next week?

AM:
Seeing this for the first time. I would prefer to review before the meetings. Will take a look.
Will look into taking this and how it would integrate into R2D2BC.
A review will help determine next steps.

JC:
Internal project usage, feedback will follow.

LL:
Review of this next week?

MM:
Internal PR maybe?

JC:
Let's make PRs for readium-web repo.

LL + AM:
Not totally sure. Let's review first.

AM:
Need time to review, can spend time for sure, but time is tight right now.
No time for PR review right now.

LL:
This week to review, next week, discuss the review. Week after that start merging.

MM:
We can have internal PRs on Jiminy's repo.

(discussion on PR logistics)

LL:

Matter of procedure for tools:
- Choose a tool, use with default behavior
- Then customize it (config) with rationale in a follow up proposal.


## Action Items

Jiminy to create an empty orphan branch with `git checkout --orphan branch_name`, create a PR from master to that branch. Useful for comments only.

https://github.com/Jellybooks/jbks-shared-web

(Whatever is easiest, friction-less.)

### Next steps for project proposal:

- Add a sample workspace.
    - With hello-world style packages/code.
- Comparison with Yarn 2? NPM?

### Next steps for Jiminy's project:

- Fetchers and Navigator (API)

### More organization

- Perma link with HackMD for Agenda
- Send out invite to CAST members.
